I… I… I can’t.
It’s too hard.
Then when you’re with other
men in bed,
how do you moan?
Huh? In bed with men?
I’ve never done anything like that!
If this keeps up,
I’m afraid it’ll be recorded.
…
So this is what it feels like
to kiss you… it’s pretty thrilling.
Hahaha… looks like
your Mr. Huo really likes
that little girl.
Hey, tell me, your Mr. Huo,
when’s he coming back?
I’m not too sure,
depends on his mood and performance.
Maybe Mr. Shi Nai… could
watch a movie first.
Heh heh, as expected,
young guys have great stamina.
Mr. Shi Nai, I’m going to the restroom.
You, take Mr. Helan to the restroom.
Got it.
Move.
It’s dangerous outside right now,
if you don’t want to die,
stay here quietly.